enhancement(http sink): Retrying the HTTP sink in case of 404s and request timeouts (#21457)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/21457_more_error_codes_on_http_sink.enhancement.md

> The `http sink` will now retry requests when the status is 408(request timeout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `http sink` will now retry requests when the response is a request timeout (HTTP 408).
```

Small proofreading.
